# Personal Reflection
## Tan Jia Jia 2002362 (P4-9)
---------------------------------------------
Through milestone 3, I have learnt the importance of the use case diagrams, class diagrams and system state diagrams, etc. as it helps to ties the final product and guides us in the implantation phase. With the system state diagram, it helps us in visualizing how our final product should look like in terms of the outcomes, the flow from one page to another, and thus we do not need to spend more time in thinking how the final product should look like while implementing it. 
Additionally, I have learnt the importance of having a good branch workflow. With a good branch workflow, it has helped to reduce a lot of conflicts as everyone is working on their own feature. Before the merging, we would have to do implementation testing to ensure that the codes we have added do not have any conflicts with other components and then the assigned person would be able to merge the codes into the main branch after ensuring there’s no errors. Through this, it has helped to ensure a steady and efficient workflow with minimal errors or conflicts. 
Lastly, through working on the dashboard, I have learnt the importance of OOP concepts. Before this module, I have only had experience in PHP procedural and I have noticed the inefficiencies in the implementation as there are many parts of the codes that is repeating. With the implementation of PHP OOP, I am now able to call functions to call the methods in the PHP implementation page and it has allowed a more extendable, reusable, maintainable, and organized application.
In conclusion, this module has allowed me to understand the importance of software engineering knowledge and what each phase in the SDLC consists of and putting it into practices. It was a great experience and our team has worked well with each other and was able to complete our individual features and assigned parts despite the hectic schedule. 
